hey I'm DJ BBQ and I'm Kate going if you
want on how to make these tasty pulled
beef brisket tacos thank you all that
today we're cooking up the risk it now
do you know where the brisket comes from
Kate tell me enlighten me
okay so say I'm a cow right I'm a cow
just you know use your imagination on
cow so the brisket comes from this
muscle right here is the muscle that
supports all that way sixty percent of
the cows weigh it cows got a big head so
that muscle is tough it is Bob off so
you've got a slow and little cook it to
break it down man to make it nice and
tender and juicy so I want you to get
the salt and pepper yeah give it a bit
of a sprinkly rub okay now I'm gonna get
this pan nice and hot
I'll take that thank you and the meat
now goes into the frying pan we're going
to brown each side and the end nice
sizzle and the cool thing what we're
trying to do here is we're trying to
teach people how to cook five dishes by
time they're 25 and hope you to learn a
lot more you know this is like a I think
when you look at big hopes for me you
think something your mom would do you
think you know that's the Sunday roast
you know yeah and you know what it's
actually really easy and we're gonna
show you man
okay so risk is now browned and feels
Wiggum just go ahead and put it into the
dish here would used to heat a little
bit yeah a little bit more olive oil in
there and then we're gonna put our
blends into the pan okay and now we're
gonna cheat instead of like Smashing and
bashing some garlic we're gonna do two
little spoonful of already chopped
garlic me buy this he's keeping the
fridge just for you know quick cooking
boom and I've got a bit of a challenge
for you
yeah so if my dish is awesome I want you
wearing this cow onesie yes dude this is
gonna be good come on take the challenge
cave hey listen if this brisket is the
best frisk I've ever tasted
then I will wear it okay so in moderna
the onions are nice and soft and the
garlic is perfect do it any longer any
of a hot I had a higher temperature you
can burn the garlic you do not want to
burn the garlic you already want to burn
the onions okay now we're going to add
all the rad ingredients starting with a
can of chopped tomatoes some barbecue
sauce 100 milliliters three tablespoons
of honey what's sheer sauce four big
spoonfuls we're going to pour beef stock
and now it is the turn of smoked paprika
if you want to get a bit crazy you can
add like you know some chili powder in
there or even when you when you um Brown
the joint put some chili flakes on that
nice nothing wrong with that okay so I'm
now gonna mix this up come here this is
the beauty see all these beautiful
flavors they're all gonna have a party
I'm gonna get to know each other and the
onions they're like kind of running
around you know trying to suck face with
all the hot tomatoes that are over there
it's a good time throw the lid on okay
so 160 gasps mark - she's going in for
three to three and a half hours all
right the Beast bit in for almost three
hours which gives us time to teach you
another dish pico de gallo for kind of
medium size tomato - about half of a red
onion and then it's a fresh coriander
and chuckle I'm in there
a little bit of salt and I'm gonna get
the meat ah smells so good does it ready
I'm ready I'm ready
and the angels sing oh I'm gonna pull
the meat out and I want you to get some
avocados don't have chopped up for our
tacos cool you can serve your beef
brisket in a roll or pita today we're
gonna go with taco shells and when you
put them in the oven put them like that
because if you lay them like that they
they get kind of softened up in the heat
and then they close and you can't get
any food in there you want your food in
there
so I'm gonna squeeze some lime juice all
right okay yeah I close whew it's
raining Lila look at this this is what
you want to see nice and tender that is
pulled beef brisket that is amazing
doesn't it absolutely great three hours
of slow and low cooking that's why I
called goof proof put the pulled beef
back in and also an important thing with
you know beef and lamb is to make sure
you buy a quality assured hunk of meat I
needn't look for labels like red tractor
yeah you know this stuff's gonna be good
okay so we're gonna check on some peeps
look at you think isn't that humming in
there man no ears have fun yeah it looks
so good do that how tasty are our tacos
so yeah it did
okay um you're going first haha
hmm yeah I show them mm-hmm mm-hmm
oh good yeah hey man you look awesome
I'm not sure we know but you did make me
the best beef brisket ever so you know
it's okay
I don't might want you rad how good this
cake looks how about I think I've got a
dish that can give your dish a run for
its money I'm gonna make some speedy
alumni I like my lamb speedy you did
well if you like it then I must go
something too huge wear as well what's
wrong with this outfit well you know I
think if I'm like there's to me first as
well okay see just read bring it knows
if you guys want to learn about this
dish and more head to five by 25 comm
all these recipes up there I want to
taste it Go Go move along there little
cow all fours
oh yeah